The Prime Minister is the capital
Naturally, the prime minister is the main one
Other cabinet members are responsible for assisting me
Mainly I hope to help you solve your problems.
Well, then this gap is suitable again
The functions of the cabinet are divided into two. One is to vote for you to play the chapter
Give a preliminary opinion, the second is to wear red
Make the final decision
Who votes for you?
Who is wearing red
Naturally, it is covered in red by the prime minister
The cabinet member is responsible for voting for you
I dare to ask Your Majesty
If Chen and other opinions are blocked
How about opening the crotch again?
The cabinet consists of 5 people
If you disagree with the prime minister
Show of hands
Based on the majority opinion
If the Prime Minister still feels inappropriate
Can hand over the final decision-making power to the field
I will make the final decision
Hey, what a good prime minister
You must lead that person to handle state affairs well
Help me solve problems
I can sleep high
Worry-free, take a few concubines to Jiangnan
Go and enjoy the Damei River and Mountain where the big fish are
Relief for His Majesty
The duty of the minister
Prime Minister, you said that you will see the cabinet
What's the point?
Junjun wants to abolish the prime minister system
Take the power of the old man
But the members of the cabinet all show their hairpins with the head of the prime minister Ma
What's the difference between this and the prime minister calling the shots?
That being said
But everyone has selfishness
There are always people who don't want to be controlled by the old man.
Prime Minister
The lower official has always been loyal to the prime minister's order
From absolutely no two hearts
Hahaha so good
Prime Minister, you said
Haojun will really go to Jiangnan
If you really go to Jiangnan
The old man let him go